---
layout: post
title:  "Lit Review - Terms of Services"
date:   2015-02-12 14:46:39
categories: bizleg
---
#Who
Apple

#What
Apple Terms of Service

#Where
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/us/terms.html

#When
Last updated: September 17, 2014

#The Gist
Apple's terms of service for their customers. Talks a lot about purchases on the iTunes Store and purchasing apple products. These terms of services apply to a majority of the population, sometimes twice over.

#The Good
- Families man. 

>iOS 8 and/or OS X Yosemite are required to start and join a Family.

- Families man holy shit
 
> BY INVITING FAMILY MEMBERS TO JOIN A FAMILY, THE ORGANIZER AGREES THAT ALL FAMILY MEMBER PURCHASES ARE AUTHORIZED BY AND ARE THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ORGANIZER, EVEN IF THE ORGANIZER WAS UNAWARE OF ANY PARTICULAR PURCHASE, IF A FAMILY MEMBER EXCEEDED HIS OR HER AUTHORITY AS GRANTED BY THE ORGANIZER, OR IF MULTIPLE FAMILY MEMBERS PURCHASE THE SAME PRODUCT.

- iTunes will only use your personal information to help you.

>Apple will, from time to time, automatically collect information   


#The Bad
>(iv) You shall be authorized to burn an audio playlist up to seven times.

- But what if I'm in two families with 6 people each??!?!? 

> Apple shall not be responsible for any losses arising out of the unauthorized use of your Account.

- :(

#The Questions
- Families man. Why are they so complicated?
- These terms of services affect anyone who owns an iPhone, iPad or an Apple computer. How do these people know what a family is, how many people actually read these things?

#Review
It was alright. I learned some things about my cell phone and my laptop and my tablet.

