---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Programming Interviews! - Week 1 - Possible Solutions"
teaser: "I'm a TA for a Data Structures class. Every Friday, I give my class a few programming interview questions I've received in the past."
header:
    image_fullwidth: "code.jpg"
image:
    homepage: code.jpg
categories:
    - design
comments: true
show_meta: false
---
#List your other team members below

Andrew Mandula - ajman@csh.rit.edu - Presenter

Alex Mack - amm4108@rit.edu - Researcher

Katie Tigue - katie@mail.rit.edu - Researcher

#Which Entity did your team choose to profile?

Eclipse Foundation

#Description of the Organization?

“The Eclipse Foundation was created in January 2004 as an independent not-for-profit corporation to act as the steward of the Eclipse community. The independent not-for-profit corporation was created to allow a vendor neutral and open, transparent community to be established around Eclipse.” -http://eclipse.org/org/

#Description of the project?

“Eclipse is a community for individuals and organizations who wish to collaborate on commercially-friendly open source software. Its projects are focused on building an open development platform comprised of extensible frameworks, tools and runtimes for building, deploying and managing software across the lifecycle.” -http://eclipse.org/org/

#Describe each team member's role?

Andrew: Writing this team proposal, creating the draft and final version of the presentation.

Alex: Research data for research paper, write paper

Katie: Reseach data for research paper, write paper

#Organization/Project Source Code Repository URL?

Eclipse Platform: http://git.eclipse.org/c/platform/eclipse.platform.common.git

Eclipse Website: https://www.eclipse.org/

#List your upstream Mentor's below:

N/A

#How will you communicate with them? (i.e. IRC Channel, Email Addresss, mail lists, issue trackers, etc...)

Their website has a large forum, links to IRC channels they host, and their mailing lists. These will be used when needed information is hard to find.

#What do you anticipate the easy parts will be?

- Understanding the structure of organization
- Where its projects are used
- Interacting with the community

#What do you anticipate the hard parts will be?

- Finding all the projects in the Eclipse Foundation
- Understanding the differences in the their open source licenses and other open source licenses
- Finding the History of the Eclipse Foundation and how it differs from the Eclipse organization

#How will you overcome both?

The team will spend more time and team up to understand and find information about the hard parts of the research.

#If something goes wrong, what contingencies do you have in place?

We will communicate with the professor our issues, and work with him to agree upon what should be done moving forward.

#When will your group meet regularly outside of class time?

We will be meeting on the weekends to work on the research and presentation.