---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "BizLegFinal"
teaser: ""
header:
    image_fullwidth: "lilac.jpg"
image:
    homepage: lilac.jpg
categories:
    - design
comments: true
show_meta: false
---

#When does code you create become copyrighted? 

As soon as it is conceived in physical form. (ie, written on a napkin or written on a computer)

#2a. If you could wave a magic wand, and open source any piece of proprietary software, what software would you choose? 

Windows - because it would be interesting to see a lot of the security flaws within the Operation System. 

#2b. If the software above was open sourced, would it’s company remain stable? How would the company continue to make money?

Probably. Microsoft has a lot of other objects to fall back on. They could provide tech support for businesses to install the OS on their computers. 

#What do you feel like was the most beneficial thing to learn in the class?

Understanding of licenses. Both in their content, and in their uses and which license to use in what settings.

#Explain the some of the motivations a company may have to open source software. 

- more contributers 
- community

#Are there any changes you would suggest making to the profile template?  What parts did you find most interesting or important?

I really enjoyed the social media statistics. Something I would add to the profile is if they're a company, how they make money off of their open source project. 

#If you could have spent more time, say an extra week, on any topic, which would you have liked to cover more in depth? 

Enterprise Companies. I find it very interesting how companies can make a living off open source projects. 

#Why are you using license MIT License for your open source project?

Here. I made this. You might find it useful. I don’t care what you do with it. I won’t sue you, and you can’t sue me. I don’t even care if you “forget” to credit me all that much. I think I’ll be okay. I would use this license if I just wrote a very basic and simple thing, like an algorithm. 

#If you would suggest a video to be watched as part of this course, what would it be?
- hackers 