---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Quiz 2"
teaser: "Quiz 2 - HFOSS "
header:
    image_fullwidth: "brickhack.jpg"
image:
    homepage: brickhack.jpg
categories:
    - HFOSS
comments: true
show_meta: false
---


1. When does a work become “copyrighted” by an Author? 
As soon as the work is written down. Technically anytime someone takes notes on something around them they are experiencing, that writing belongs to them until further notice.
2. Without copyright, there could be no copyleft. What are the copyrights that an author has when they create a work, according to the US Copyright office?
3. Free/Open Source Licenses fall onto a spectrum of Software Freedom. What descriptive words are at either end?
4. When someone reliquishes their copyrights, this is referred to as what?


###Below is a list of licenses. Please identify where on the spectrum each falls, and whether or not it is an OSI approved license.

- GPLv2 - *OSI Approved License* - a free software license, and a copyleft license
- BSD - *OSI Approved License* - It is a lax, permissive non-copyleft free software license, compatible with the GNU GPL.
- GPLv3 - *OSI Approved License* - a free software license, and a copyleft license
- MIT - *OSI Approved License* - This is a lax, permissive non-copyleft free software license, compatible with the GNU GPL
- AGPLv3+ - *OSI Approved License* - This is a free software, copyleft license 
- Apache 2.0 - *OSI Approved License* - This is a free software license, compatible with version 3 of the GNU GPL.
- LGPL - *OSI Approved License* - a free software license, but not a strong copyleft license, because it permits linking with nonfree modules. 
- WTFPL - This is lax permissive non-copyleft free software license, compatible with the GNU GPL 
Bonus:

True or False: You cannot sell GPL’d software *true*

True or False: You can fork a GPL licensed Project and release it under an MIT license? *true*

True or False: You can fork a MIT licensed Project and release it under an GPL license? *true*